Die for me
big
Tell me.
Why won't you Wang Yang let my parents go?
And General Hua Ruthless
You just need to know that they are all sinners
The rest can't be learned from this young master
Ah!
It can be said now
Lin Tze, I won't let you go
You will definitely pay the price
Ahhh
This
young master
Let the old man tell you the truth
Aunt Chen, you know
Then why didn't you tell me before?
This is also what Mr. Lin meant
If you knew
You will definitely seek revenge on them
But how can you be their opponent?
You are the only one left in the Lin family
How could I bear it?
Long Shuai, he is still useful
Take it back to the Skylark Building
Master, now you can stand alone
It's time to tell you
Ah!
Aunt Chen, I'll hold them off for a while
You run away when you get the chance
Ask General Hua Wuji for help
Remember
Don't let the ear fall into their hands
Good Director
So what did you do?
It's too late, hide first